okay guys this is a fear of snow man
productions coming at you okay what we
got is a all my old account on YouTube
I've been asked a lot of questions like
how how do you set up your your
recording system or whatever and
everything it's actually very simple but
it can cost a lot depending on how you
want to set it up if you want to set up
like idea what's a fairly cheap but i
just want to sign up with the HD and I
involved in its across signals like a
lot more because you have a nice video
cables and stuff but anyway we'll talk
about what you need you need a dazzle
these are will run you about 90 bucks at
best buy there are some that or why they
cost you about 50 bucks three of these
why cables singer called audio data one
male part and two female and you need a
two-sided AV cable maybe 30 foot and get
a radio shack or best buy and whatever
kind of a console you're using you need
the AV cables of it if you're doing like
I do I suggest using these right here
these through the normal video and stuff
so anyway I don't get started okay what
you need first of all is um
sorry I'm trying to find it hey what you
get with is a DVD it has an activation
code right here just uh download all
this and download everything joy sample
video mine just won by a CD so yeah just
uh when you get it just makes you down
the first afterwards
as a pretty good core on the dazzle but
if you have a USB port anywhere on your
your computer just plug it in simply and
then if it successfully I'll have little
green lighter there okay now here's
where some people say gets kind of
complicated what you need is your wife
APIs works right and now we got a video
get your male parts look into the female
part on your dazzle do that to all of
the ones and these are white cables my
running six bucks apiece okay way from
there grab one side of your AV cables
matching up with a matching female part
where the male part is connected to the
female part on the dazzle sounds very
confident new okay and I say this one is
video right video grab your video one
and connect it into one of the female
parts on like that and do that to all of
them
from there grab whatever cablevision in
my case xbox 360 cables and this is the
video one so I grabbed the video cable
and plug in and like so I'm just all of
them once again
when you have all this plug Daniel I
have a pinnacle studio from there just
grab these hook them into your TV or at
these little up three into your TV like
like you would with your normal life
after six cables and there you have it
how to hook up a dazzle and now will be
coming out with the video on Maya on my
hyper pan to show you how to use it or
some cool features about it maybe I'm
not sure mine or I might I might so I am
there thank you please rate subscribe
and comment on all our vids and thank
you for watching and this has been a
spear of snowmen productions thank you